[jul092026] 
1. smart, always all not working properly, need a stop, like not move at all thing, only
stop at the first line selected
2. looks like the prompt for glm5.2 for longer video have less mindmap nodes, need to manually make sure
    - example that in 2 miinutes there are 4 but in 12minte (first 2minute are same) then less nodes

3. when logged out session expire still can see video but can't find anything like generated summary

Done 4. for the auto download, it v8 will record from the first until the last and called the last still usefull.
Done 4.1, but need a separate to just auto re restart when 2nd or new loaded. you understand?
Done 4.2: can we add number in front of the video with 2. ..... for filename?


【jul10】
5. we also don't have delete button on the video page to delete it, is this hard to add it?
6. I got question on this quiz, but no way to ask why based on the transcript of video and ocr information on video.
```
5. 安装新 Skill 后，AI 模型有时不会自动调用，应该怎么做？

A. 重新安装系统
B. 明确引导 AI 使用特定技能
C. 删除其他技能
D. 更换 AI 模型


I wanted to ask: 
什么叫做正确引导？
```
so need somewhere on video page to ask questions on all trascript of the current video, the current materials like mindmap, quiz (and its answers etc) we can discuss


--7. 为什么有的时候generated materials 是中文，有的时候是英文？ 我觉得应该consistancy, or can generate 2 versions etc, or just translate etc
    - should based on language of video
    - can you show me the prompt you send to generate each material?

8. can we delete the video quickly on section page and on video page and when delete the thing moved to trash folder, and will be permanently
deleted after 30 days, or manually deleted in the trash folder empty all button etc, and can have restore button in trash bin


[jul11]
1. mvp2 main name: ---> MVP2.0: bulkUploads and LLMonTransciptsMaterials
2. mvp3 main name: ---> MVP3.0: optimize performance and prompt engineering etc, with Jira creation (MCP)
3. bug: 4 gb not able to proceed
4. video bar can't manually see the end of 2 hours, webmw style not liked
--5. How can we speed up the performance for Transcribe generation and materials generalization?
-- 6. I need a note section as well, can do markdown for now, but also need markdown preview function, but should 
we just embed a api? like Notion, etc into the page, but just save data into our databases?
-- 7. can you draw data flow chart of all functions in our app?
-- 8. can we add a small feature on how many hours, and minutes a pending finally turned to ready when we open the section, 
like beside ready - done in 09:08 means from generating to ready, it used 9 minutes and 8 seconds


